But we've got one more thing to do.

Haha.

I haven't forgotten and I'm sure you haven't either.

Let's do a run time restart session and clear all of our outputs.

Get everything back to scratch again and it's restarting.

We're still on a T4.

We will run this, but the difference is light mode is false.

We are going the whole hog here.

We are going to test this model.

We're going to pick this run name and this revision and see if we can't get a bit more competitive with

GPT for one nano.

Uh, okay.

So again we go through we load in our data set.

It's going to load in the full data set.

We don't actually need all the all the training data.

But but but whatever we'll load that in.

We're then going to load in the base model again and see you in a second when everything is loaded and

we're ready.

Okay.

It's loaded in the total model size is 3.753MB.

And that, of course, is the 2.2MB of the base model.

And then there's like a 1.5 or so gigabytes.

So 2.2GB of base model, 1.56GB of the adapters.

Okay.

And uh, if I print out the fine tuned model, what you'll see here, of course, is that the Lora adapters

are on all of the attention layers.

And they've now got more dimensions, 256 dimensions because R was 256.

But also if you scroll down to the MLP layers, you'll see that they're adapters there as well.

Uh and look you'll see the 0.1 dropout in all other places as well for, for both of these models.

Uh, so there they are.

This is hopefully exactly what you're expecting.

It's time again for us to run model predict.

We know we should be able to beat the performance.

That's not hard.

Uh, but we're now hoping.

I mean, we're going to be close to this.

It would be nice if we could beat GPT four one nano.

that would certainly be quite satisfying.

Let's see what happens.

Well, it hasn't started.

Well.

We've got a yellow and a red to start with.

Well I will, I will see you closer to the time, closer to the big reveal.

See you in a second.

Okay, so we see some reds, yellows and greens.

We're coming up to the end.

Looks promising.

There's a lot of greens there.

Three more to go.

Here we go, here we go, here we go, here come the results.

And holy moly there we have the results 39 and 8539 .85.

Let's write that down 39.85.

What does that mean.

That means that this model just outperformed every single other model that we have tested.

This model just crushed not only not only did it do better than what I was driving for GPT four one

nano, but it crushed every frontier model Gemini three.

Nope.

Claude 4.5 opus.

Nope.

G 5.1.

Considered the strongest model on the planet as of.

For me right now.

Nope.

We beat it.

It scored.

Uh, what was it, 44.74?

And we crushed it with our own homegrown model.

We just got a three handle and we got 39.85.

We got it into the 30s.

Wow.

Wow.

Now, you might be completely mind blown by this.

How is it?

How is it conceivable that a model with so few parameters, a four bit quantize llama 3.2 model that

could fit on a mobile phone with with these these adapters that we've we've got that still just a fraction

of the size.

How could that have performed better than a frontier model that's had $100 million worth of training.

Well, that's, uh, that's something for us to discuss.

But but before we do that, let's just take a moment to just marvel and celebrate the success of this

result.

This is an astonishing result.

We have just built a solution to our commercial problem that has beaten the frontier.

This is the strongest model at predicting the price of goods according to our test set, the strongest

model on the planet.

And of course, to bring bring it back to to ground.

Before I get too overexcited about this, you need to keep in mind what we've achieved here is we've

been able to make an LLM be the strongest model on the planet at a very specific business task, with

a lot of very specific data.

So, you know, the the point is that fine tuning gives us this ability, given a concrete task, to

do really, really well at it.

In fact, better than a frontier model with hundreds of millions of dollars of training, because we've

made it specifically better for that task.

And that allows you to achieve superior performance to the top frontier models for your task.

If you have data and that's that's where fine tuning really excels.

It's at building a skill, a particular expertise that can generalize outside its training data.

If you have enough of that proprietary data like we had here.

So, you know, with that in mind, maybe it's not so shocking that we manage to do it.

It's still really satisfying though, and it's great to have got this point of 39.85 beating frontier

models at our task, and it only remains for me now to reveal the the chart that we like looking at.

Here is the chart with our latest results in it.

So what we see here of course is the original traditional ML then the disappointing end results and

then the the traditional neural network and then not traditional, but like a modern neural network.

And then the results from a series of different frontier models.

The the GPT 4.1 nano fine tuned, which did a terrible job, then the deep neural network that did a

really good job.

Uh, and then the base llama, the fine tuned just with one hour of training, which did fine.

It beats, uh, the fine tuned GPT four one nano.

It beat editor, but it didn't do better than even even a simple vanilla neural network.

But.

But when we fine tuned a model based on all of our data for for many hours for two epochs, as it turns

out, because at the end of the second epoch, the snapshot that we took, we were able to beat everything

else on the board.

We got into the 30s just we scraped into the 30s with this astounding result, and that is a really

satisfying conclusion to week seven.

And with that, that is a wrap on week seven.

We've completed it.

We beat the frontier, which is really what I set out to do.

And we did it.

And you may wonder, what is the assignment for you?

Of course, there's an assignment for you.

The assignment for you is to come in now and beat me.

That 39 number you've got.

I haven't done that much hyperparameter optimization.

There is juice in there.

There is room.

I am waiting for you to beat me.

Come in, run some runs, experiment and explore and see if you can't get it down into the lower in

the 30s.

I'm sure it's possible if I get there first.

And of course I will.

I will update the, uh, the materials to to boast about it.

I'll probably put it in the, in the repo so you can see my latest.

Um, and I'll keep sharing anything I do to get better.

But the challenge for you do some hyperparameter optimization.

Look for ways.

Often the biggest use comes from manipulating the data in some way to be able to teach it better.

So that's something.

Something to keep in mind.

All right.

But now celebrating your success as we wrap up week seven, not only not only can you generate text

and code, use tools, use assistants, not only can you build with Rag, follow a five step strategy

to solving a business problem with LMS.

Fine tune a frontier model.

But now you can confidently carry out the process to fine tune an open source model so that it can perform

well in a commercial task.

And if you have enough data and if you have a clear enough objective, then guess what?

You can beat frontier level performance.

You can be better than GPT 5.1 at your task.

Wow.

Okay, so if you thought that this week was as good as it gets, if you thought this was just brilliant,

I hope you did, I did.

Then I have news for you.

Next week is even better.

I know that sounds hard to believe, but it is.

Next week is when, first of all, we do some really interesting stuff about Productionizing.

When we take this model we built, and we use the serverless AI platform to make it be up on the internet

so that we can call it remotely from anywhere.

We're also going to build a large scale Rag pipeline.

We're going to go back to Rag for this specific the same problem.

You get sick of this problem.

But but we are going to use Rag because it's such a great use case for rag.

And then finally we're going to build an agentic solution a genetic AI, all the rage.

I have a separate course on genetic AI, but in this one we're going to build one from scratch and it's

going to use our model.

It's going to use a ton of stuff, and it's going to give you a fitting finale that will blow your mind.

You need to get some sleep because it's a lot happened this week.

You've got a lot done.

Hopefully you beat my numbers as well.

Get some some rest and recharge and come back ready to go for week eight.

I'll see you then.