All right, so now the challenge is for you.

There are so many challenges that I want to go through about how you can take this project, take it

in completely new directions, and do some really fun stuff with it.

So first of all, recreating my results, trying it yourself and add some different models.

If you're if you're using a lama, throw them whatever.

Try some coding models.

I realize we use used grok for.

There's also a code version of that you could try to see if that gets the edge.

There's so many different things that you could try to see what wins.

And please share your results.

I would love to see.

I'd love to see what kinds of results people get.

So we find out who who ends up being victorious, what is the the final winner, and then importantly

so.

So for anyone that's done, my agent course that's done.

Any exploration with Agentic AI?

This was a very much a piecemeal take a single file and convert it.

Of course, this lends itself so well to an agentic solution, where you have something that's able

to iterate through all the files and create a port, a full solution.

So that would be sensational.

So that would be a great challenge.

You could start with just trying to to read through a couple of files and then and then see how far

you want to take it with multiple LLM calls, a very natural extension.

And then the other thing to do, should you wish a bigger challenge and others have done this, and

you'll see this in in the community contributions for many really cool solutions.

One of them is to write a code tool that can automatically add docstring and comments.

You can take that UI and then add them in and make it look really nice.

Play with the UI, play with the callbacks.

It should just be a quick callback and LM call.

I think you'll be surprised how easy it is to build some of these things, like docstrings and comments,

or convert to a different language.

We've got here C++ and rust.

Put in something else.

Let's see some go.

So that would be great.

Uh, writing unit tests.

So putting code get unit tests.

Combine that with something agentic.

And you can you can generate unit tests for your whole repo.

And then if you want to take it a little bit further and do something more commercial and deeper, you

could have a code generator that writes code that can trade on trading signals, buying and selling

equities in a simulated environment.

Again, it's a bit of a nod to something we build on Myogenic course, but you could try that out yourself.

And I've put a little solution in the extras folder that you could look at, which generates code and

tries to fine tune to get better and better at doing that.

That's just a sort of extra, extra thing to look at sometime.

But but yeah, you shouldn't do that yet.

You should just write something that uses these API calls, or a llama to write code that uses an API

to find trading signals.

So these are some interesting ideas, but also get creative.

Think of a coding challenge.

You've got that you would like an LLM to help with and build that into here.

And remember, uh, the point of all of this is about coming up with a business metric, something you

want to achieve, looking at the leaderboards to identify candidate models and then seeing how they

fare and how how it actually accomplishes your business metric.

So do remember, as you take on your challenge, follow the process, go through it, think about your

evals.

Think about things in a disciplined way.

As a scientist, run your experiments.

Achieve great outcomes.

I hope you get outcomes as sensational as are 100,000.

Speed up.

And that brings us to the end of week four.