
Okay.

And this brings us to the conclusion of week three, where at the end of week three, day five.

And that can only mean one thing.

It means it is assignment time.

It is time for an exercise to wrap up the week, and one that can get you to put open source models

to the test.

And here it is one of the the the core use cases of LMS of JNI that can be applied to almost any business

area is generating synthetic data using an LLM to create data sets that you can use in any project,

and building yourself a synthetic data generator, something which you can you can put in something

like, like, um, I want to have example, um, employee records.

I want to have example product definition guides, whatever it might be, be able to describe the kind

of data you need, how you want it structured its purpose, and build something that can generate lots

of these documents.

Uh, that that is something which will be incredibly useful to you, I guarantee it.

So that's the project that I'm going to suggest.

Write some models that can generate data sets, use a variety of different models, use that as your

way of exploring the capabilities of models, and it also will give you nice and varied data set as

well.

So it gives you diverse outputs and diverse experience too, which is what this is all about.

Uh, try quantizing, try not quantizing, try different different shapes and sizes.

And of course, why not make a gradio UI for your product as well so that you can you can look at it

and generate it and maybe even share it with other people at your company, and maybe, maybe post about

it on LinkedIn so I can jump in there and see it myself and try generating synthetic data.

Several students have done and it's great.

It's very impressive.

I used one of those to generate some data, and I've got of course, I've built my own, uh, synthetic

data set generators many times.

So it's a great exercise more than anything else.

Now it's about practice.

The best way to solidify this in your mind is to do it several times.

Then you'll never think twice about the Pad token equals iOS token because you just typed it out or

whatever, and they apply chat templates and all that other stuff, it becomes second nature once you've

done it like 30 times.

So, uh, build your synthetic data set generator and share it and, uh, and and enjoy the process.

And as I say, that's something that is particularly useful because you can use it in your day job.

You can use it with any sort of home projects that you're building.

Models.

It's the utility is so broad.

So a great project to make.

And with that, with that week three is complete and this week was it was definitely getting advanced.

You can now code with frontier models.

You can build an AI assistant, but also you can now build an LLM solution combining frontier and open

source models.

You can use the pipelines but also the model API in hugging face Transformers library.

And you're starting to get some intuition and feel for how neural networks work under the hood for for

the layers of a neural network, for the dimensionality embeddings and the self-attention layer.

Again, you don't need to know this stuff in too much detail, but you need to have good intuition for

it and the basis of an understanding.

And I do hope that you like that inference, that visualization, and that you've played with that a

bit yourself and got that perspective, that very rich understanding of what inference actually entails.

Okay.

Okay.

So that concludes week three.