Well, the day has finally arrived.

How did we get here so fast?

It's somehow week eight.

Day five.

It is the last day of the program.

What you can already do for sure.

I'm going through it this time.

What you can already do, you can generate text and you can generate code.

And whether you're using frontier models or open source models and also images and audio as well, you

can use APIs and hugging face.

You can use tools, structured outputs we added in.

You can build assistants.

You can use Rag with and without Lang chain and including evaluations.

You can follow that five step strategy to solve problems including curating the data set evaluations,

making a baseline model, fine tuning at the frontier.

You can confidently carry out the end to end process for training a specialized open source model that

in some situations, will outperform the frontier, and you can deploy multiple models.

You can use the serverless AI platform.

You can build a Rag workflow with frontier models and with a neural network.

And after today, we will wrap things up with our agent workflow, and you will be able to to tick that

box and say that you got to the end and you consider yourself an AI engineer.

That is the plan.

You're probably absolutely exhausted.

You're probably thinking, I don't know if I'm an AI engineer, but I know I need some sleep.

Uh, but okay, let's just quickly recap the three definitions of agents that I said at the start of

the week.

Sam Altman OpenAI for a while was putting out there.

It's AI systems that can work independently.

The consensus early in 2025 was that it's about situations where an LLM controls the workflow, and

then the kind of emerging definition is that it's where you have an LLM in a loop with tools to achieve

a goal.

And hopefully you've got a good sense that we did all of these things.

We got an AI system that could work independently, although maybe, arguably we haven't yet completely

ticked that one because we had to kick it off.

We've got AI systems where LM controls the workflow, for sure.

And you saw that loop.

You saw that while not done, uh, you know that we've got a loop.

It runs tools to achieve a goal.

That is why it is a genetic.

And we also covered the hallmarks of an agentic AI solution, breaking a bigger problem into smaller

steps using tools or structured outputs.

An environment where agents collaborate, a planning agent that orchestrates and then autonomy and memory

existing beyond just the construct of an AI assistant, an AI chatbot.

Okay, and that's maybe the one part, that last part that we haven't completely ticked that box and

that that is the box that we will tick right now back in cursor for the last time.

And here we are in cursor and going into week eight and going into day five, we get day five.

How did we get here so fast.

All right.

So it's now time.

The final step building the user interface.

And along with that, another uh, Python module that is going to help us out that I will introduce

for you in just a second.

So first of all, that great line import gradio as G.

And then this from deal agent framework import deal agent framework.

What is that?

I told you we weren't going to use any frameworks.

So what is this exactly.

And then we're bringing in some of the classes we looked at before from deals.

Okay.

So so with that before before we go further, I want to quickly show you what is in this deal agent

framework thing.

So here it is.

Here is the module deal agent framework.

And it's really just the kind of glue that goes around everything.

Uh, and it's just sort of to take us out of the notebook construct with just one little bit of extra

functionality.

So first of all, it has something that sets up logging and does that properly.

And this is the class deal agent framework.

Um, I've added something called memory.

And that sounds like it's something very fancy.

Whenever you hear of memory it sounds like this is very something very clever, ingenious.

But it's typically just talking about loading and saving something from disk.

In some situations, memory is a is a tool that you give an agent so that it can look things up in memory.

In other cases, it's just something that you'll shove in the prompt.

So make sure that it knows about the prior conversation or to to know about deals that it surfaced in

the past.

In that case, that's what we're doing here.

So I've got a function read memory and a function write memory.

And that quite literally reads and writes from a JSON file called memory and memory JSON.

I've clicked on here.

It just has a bunch of JSON to describe prior deals that have been surfaced.

In fact, because our deals are all pedantic objects, it simply writes those pedantic objects to JSON

and into this file.

And that's why the code is so light.

That's what read memory and write memory does.

And there's also a class method reset memory that will put it back to just the first two items.

So there's something a little in there.

There's a log function.

And then there's there's a run function that kicks things off and gets everything up and running.

So this is this is what we have.

Uh, and with that I am now going to, uh, to, to go back to the code so that we can, we can get

this thing running.

Okay.

So we're going to do these imports, we're importing Gradio and we're creating this deal agent framework

object.

Um, all right.

Now the next thing I'm going to do is create a little gradio app.

And, you know, this isn't a Gradio course.

So I'm not going to go super deep on it.

But I just want to explain we're using GR blocks, which is when you want to build a Gradio interface

piece by piece, which we did touch on briefly in week two.

We're giving it a title, The Price Is Right.

We're saying we want to fill the whole width of the interface to not have margins on either side.

And we're going to have, uh, two, two fields here.

Markdown.

The price is right deal hunting agent guy.

And then a sort of like a subheading.

Uh, let's just run this to see what happens if I do.

So, uh, when I run this, it pops up a screen.

The price is right here.

It is a nice gradient UI with, with the with all the usual stuff on an empty screen.

Ready for some action.

Okay.

All right.

So let's go back to the code again and let me show you the next step in this UI.

So we're going to create this deal agent framework.

We're going to have that running.

And meanwhile we're going to uh just just try and build out the user interface a little bit more.

I'm adding in a table which is called a data frame, a table with description, price estimate, discount

URL.

I'm also going to set up some some initial dummy objects, a deal which is going to have a description

example description.

And you know I'm using these things called Gradio callbacks.

This callback means when the user interface is loaded, I want you to call this function get table that's

written right here.

Give it as the inputs, the current deals that I know about and whatever comes out of it.

Connect that to this this gradio table.

All right.

So this may have been a bit abstract for you, but it will come real when I run it.

You see that the deal agent framework runs, which brings up lots of stuff.

Then the UI appears and there's a dummy table with an example item in there.

We're starting to see the beginnings of a user interface okay.

And now and now I have put this user interface into a Python module and it is called Price is right.py.

Let's take a look at it.

It's it's got a bit more I've got some, some funky stuff to deal with with how it's going to uh, collect

the logs, anything that's written to the log and display it in Gradio.

And this is a little bit janky, but but otherwise it's all fine.

It's it's it's pretty Boilerplate stuff that can be a bit wordy, but I'm making it so that it shows

all of the data on the UI.

And I've also got something built in here that means that it sets up a timer so that every five minutes

it will wake up and start things running again.

Um.

Meaning?

Meaning that this will always be running.

Always chugging.

Um.

Always doing some processing.

And again, if I go back to the day five lab, um, first up, I've, uh, remember I have that reset

memory function, a convenient function that is going to delete the memory down to just two recent things

that got surfaced so that we start fresh.

Um, and then the next thing that I can do is kick off the prices right dot pi by doing a UV run.

And that of course is is going to basically do a Python.

It's going to launch that app so that we can see this user interface together and that, that that is

what we're going to be doing in the next video.


Okay, here we go.

I'm clicking here on UV run.py and I am launching this to bring up our new user interface, uh, in

Gradio for this application.

So we are about to see.

Here it is.

This is our Gradio UI.

On the top here is the memory.

The memory from our agent framework of deals.

It surfaced in the past.

On the bottom here, this is the log information from our agents.

I told you the colors would look cool.

These are each of our agents giving us the information.

The messaging agent.

Initialize everything.

Initialize the scanner agent is fetching deals from the RSS feed and currently calling OpenAI using

structured outputs.

Everything is running.

It's all going the.

It's now got to the specialist agent, which is calling the remote fine tune model.

This is model.

We're wasting our 30s for it to warm up.

While it's doing that, I'll mention what you're seeing here of course, is the memory from the 3D plot.

There's what, you might ask, what is the business value of showing this here?

Like what commercial purpose does it have?

It has no commercial purpose whatsoever.

I just think it looks great and it's my agent app so I can do what I want.

Here it is.

And now this is back.

You can see that that modal is running.

It's warm.

So we get the prices.

We're getting the frontier agent, each agent in turn.

And now.

Did you hear that?

Ka ching.

It's recommended for $550 a the Dell laptop.

And it has just appeared right here in the memory.

We have just got our first recommendation from our agent framework.

This is up and running and it will keep running.

This will be running.

And every five minutes it will wake up and do its thing.

And if it finds a compelling deal, it will send me autonomously a push notification to tell me all

about it.

And so this this is the finale I promised.

This, I hope you agree is an epic finale.

This really is the culmination of everything we've been working on for three weeks.

It's got a 34 different model calls, 29 of which are LMS.

And so much happening to bring this to fruition.

And yeah, I advise you, I urge you to have this up and running, sitting there and take great joy

every time you get that text message, that catching up on the push notification on your phone to tell

you that your agent has found another compelling deal.

And back here in cursor, you'll see that we've got the the trace, the logs being printed here as well.

And I mentioned a few things.

There are some more.

I've got another repo where I've built this out a little bit more to use an agent framework and to use

MCP should you wish to look at that.

And then one more time I've got links to LinkedIn.

If you haven't.

If you've somehow got this far and not connected with me.

I don't know how you did that, but this, this is then you're my, my, my final appeal that surely,

surely, at this point, uh, you want to connect with me on LinkedIn or maybe on on X?

Uh, but, uh, wow, congratulations on making it to the to the end of the final project on day five.

Let me see you back there.

You don't want to miss the final wrap up slides.

I will see you back for the wrap up.

Well, I'm sure you knew I was going to bring this one up.

How about it?

It's the end of week eight.

You started eight weeks ago over there on the left.

You were there in week one.

We did the foundational stuff.

We were talking about tokens and things which now seem like such old hat to you.

I'm sure the chat completions, API, OpenAI completions create.

And then in week two we looked at lots of APIs, UIs, multimodality, our first work with tools.

Week three we went to Colab for the first time and worked with hugging face pipelines and then the proper

Transformers models.

Week four was about picking the right LLM for the task at hand, looking at artificial analysis, AI

and and generating code.

Writing something that would port from Python to C++ in week five was rag week.

Good old rag week.

We did long chain one zero.

We did it without.

We did that evil thing.

That was cool.

Week six was curating a data set, building different models, testing out different frontier models,

and then ending with the fine tuning, the frontier model.

That didn't didn't do too well, but we made up for it in week seven and we fine tuned open source model,

a tiny llama 3.2 and crushed it.

Although of course, in week eight, the frontier came back with a vengeance when it was when it had

rag to help it out, it was able to triumph, but it was an ensemble model that did better than anything,

finally getting me my my two handle my 29 point something that I had been after and that also allowed

us to to end with the epic finale of an agentic framework built from scratch, using tools to orchestrate

amongst llms with an agent loop, and with that, with that.

This means that for sure you have.

Now you have earned it.

You can wear your your LLM engineer, your AI engineer badge with pride.

It's it's now about practice, practice, practice, build build stuff and and share it and tag me on

LinkedIn so that I can be part of of what you're building and what you're sharing.

Um, but, uh, you have reached the conclusion you are an AI engineer, and it remains for me to thank

you so much for hanging on in there till the bitter end.

Till the end of week eight.

Day five.

Not everyone makes it through to the end.

I'll say.

And so I'm very grateful that you did.

Thank you.

And yeah, it's it's something where I would really love it if you stayed in touch.

If you ping me and tell me you made it to the end.

Uh, anything that you build, I would love to hear about it.

Please.

Please do.

Obviously, the most important thing to build is thinking of ways that you can apply your new expertise

for for commercial benefit.

Think of ways you can deliver impact with what you've what you've learned, whether it's through using

tools, whether it's through building a rag based system, whether it's fine tuning or something, that's

a gigantic.

Look for opportunities to apply this to make business impact day to day.

That's what it's all about.

I've got an extra sweetener.

I've got got a fun project where I tune, fine tune an LLM on my text message history.

240,000 text messages are in here, and it makes for some entertaining results.

That's something you might want to check out.

and my editor would kill me if I didn't mention one.

One request that we have.

If you're able to rate this course on Udemy, it makes a huge difference.

This is one of the main ways Udemy decides whether or not to recommend the course to others, whether

to suggest it.

And so if you found it valuable and you think that other people would too, then please do rate it and

massively appreciate that it makes all the difference.

And then on another note, uh, if you haven't completely had enough of me, if you're not totally fed

up of Ed, uh, I do have other courses, as I mentioned once or twice.

Uh, there's the course that goes much deeper on Agentic AI.

There's an MLOps course that goes into Productionizing Llms with with things like explainability, observability,

scalability, resiliency.

Lots of good stuff.

And security, of course.

Uh, so so there's, there's that course which will also deploy your, your LLM solutions to Vercel,

AWS, GCP and Azure, uh, for, for uh, for whether you're a startup and you want to be able to have

a subscription SaaS app, or you work at an enterprise and want to deploy to a major cloud provider,

it's all in there.

And then finally, I've got my leadership course.

That's more about the commercial side.

And it's it's mostly designed for non-technical people, but it's good for for tech people too, because

it helps give you that commercial perspective, which can be a superpower for engineers.

So check out some of that on my home page has links to all of it if you're interested in more of me.

And with that one more time, let me offer my heartiest congratulations on this accomplishment on making

it to the very end.

Please post about it on LinkedIn and I'll weigh in to amplify your achievement.

And I just want to say, you could not have picked a better time to be entering this field.

What an exciting time to be involved in the field of of of generative AI and a genetic AI.

What a time to be coming in as an AI engineer.

Congratulations.

Please stay in touch.

I can't wait to hear what you do next.